# Minutes of the Meeting - June 17, 2025

- Starting: 19th of June
- Deadline: 22nd of June (max 24th of June) => site deploy
- Attendees: Aadithyan, Abhijith S,Akhila Sunesh, Aravind, Devika, Godly K Mathews, Kevin
Mathew, King Akku, Rohith K Bobby, Sharon Aliyas Johnson, Sundara , MySelf
#

- Link:
https://www.figma.com/design/2c1DeqTaZrYUorAbrqYUOp/Purple-Movement?node-id=59-112
  (Amenda)
- Ask Amenda to create a design with counter for the UI in the website.
- Assigned Sharon to give hard part to Aadithyan for backend.
- Removing Tippu from group.
- Update Bijoy Chetan (mentor)
#
 
- Backend: Sharon, Rohith, Aadithyan
    Work:
   -  Setting numbers for contributors
   -  Event posting
- Frontend: Amith, Abhijith, Aravind, Devika
